If it's wrong, even the celebrities get angry.
The atmosphere soured at the 36th International Film Festival that began at Panaji on Thursday, when the security guards on duty there misbehaved with the Bollywood actress Bipasha Basu.
It should be noted that Bipasha was the one who had to light the lamps in the ceremony and later had to participate in the entire program.
But the atmosphere got vitiated due to her storming out of the festival.
Though, the senior officials have promised an investigation into the matter, no action has been taken so far against the guard who had misbehaved with the bengali beauty.
Prakash Jha's new film, Apharana, is due to be premiered at the film festival.
Bipasha too, as an actress has worked in this film.
In these conditions the Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh workers took on the task of saving and resettling the Hindus.
At that time the country's leaders were celebrating independence while the Sangh workers were defending the nation.
Sacrifices of a number of Swyam Sevaks prove this.
Sudarshan said that though the Sangh is agitating to make the country a Hindu nation, during the freedom struggle many Sangh workers had individually participated in it.
He said the small plant of the Hindu Nation that Dr. Hedgewar had sown in 1940, would turn 80 years old on the coming Vijaydashmi.
Four generations of the Sangh have contributed to this.
In the political arena, remarking about the Jana Sangh and the BJP, Sudarshan credited Guru Gowalkar with this.
These people formed the BJP after Janta Party leaders' condition of severing ties with RSS in 1977.
Sudarshan said each body is independent but there can be no compromise over ideology.
He asked the workers to propogate the Sangh's work and guard against cultural invasions.
Ajay Devgan has played the male lead against her in the film.
Lalu's younger brother rebels Pre Patna.
Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) supremo, Lalu Prasad Yadav's brother Subhash Yadav has rebelled against him protesting over wrongful distribution of party tickets.
Subhash is a Rajya Sabha member from the party.
He said that RJD tickets were being given to scamsters and others at the expense of real party workers.
Having lost power in Bihar, Lalu is facing the most difficult assembly election in his life yet.
He said, it's been hinted that a ticket would be given to the fodder scam accused R.K Rana's son, whereas the real party workers who've helped build the party have been denied party tickets.
He said the RJD president wants to give a ticket to Rana so that he does not appear as a government witness in the fodder scam.
Because Lalu himself is an accused in this matter.
Lalu's wife and former Chief Minister Rabri Devi's youngest brother Subhash Yadav accused RJD's senior leader Jagdanand Singh of working against party interests.
Without naming RJD's national spokesman Shivanand Tiwari, Subhash charged Lalu over the fact that the elction symbol was sent to his residence.
Since Apharan was to be premiered there, Bipasha's presence was all the more important.
Similarly, Patna's RJD member Ram Kripal Yadav was accused of working against the party's official candidates from Danapur, Bikramganj and Paliganj.
Lalu's youngest brother said that the people who had contributed very little towards strengthening the party, were being bestowed tickets while the real party worker had to wait in front of 1 Anne Marg as part of the crowd.
He strongly objected to the suggestion that he had rebelled because his wife Renu Devi had been denied a ticket.
Subhash said he's not part of the race.
Prisons, dens of criminal activities Govind Singh New Delhi.
The suicide of an undertrial in Agra, and the death of another from heart failure has again unmasked the terrible conditions prevalent inside Indian prisons.
The country has more than 1200 jails.
And it's common for a number of prisoners to die in these jails each year.
Sometimes they die of beatings by the prison wardens while at others, they commit suicide due to the torture and shameful treatment meted out to them in these prisons.
Not to mention those that die due to diseases borne out of dreadful prison conditions and lack of medical help.
Earlier, the 36th International Film Festival at Panaji was inaugrated with much fanfare and a colourful carnival.
Infact prisons are turning into dens of criminal activities these days.
A number of committees were formed for prison reforms but their recommendations were never implemented.
Even the capital's Tihar Jail is not immune to such incidents.
Tihar has seen 116 deaths in the last five years.
Recently, last April, a 32 year old prisoner named Chandrabhan Singh died in suspicious circumstances.
Before this on 20th March another prisoner, Rajesh Kumar hanged himself in a toilet within the prison premises.
In Ghaziabad's Dasna jail 48 prisoners have died so far.
After the mysterious death of a prisoner named Qamruddin over there, a jail official killed 100 pigeons kept by another prisoner to torture him.
Past May in Varanasi, Santosh Gupta killed a prisoner named Annu tripathi in a gang.
In West Begal's Jailpaiguri district's Alipurdwar prison, a young prisoner Prajit Das had died under mysterious circumstances in March.
Extensive security arrangements have been made by the administration for the festival and it does not want to leave anything to chance.
He was a worker of a party calling for a separate Kamtapur state.
These are a few examples that speak of the deplorable conditions in jails and the prevalent anarchy inside them.
Why are our prisons in such a bad condition?
According to the statistics from the National Human Rights Commission the country's prisons held 336152 prisoners in 2004.
Whereas all these jails have the capacity to hold just 237617 prisoners.
Of these, only 20 percent prisoners were serving sentences and 75 percent were undertrials.
These prisoners keep waiting for their trials to begin.
The strange story of undertrial prisoners had come out in the report of the Human Rights Commission itself.
5 such prisoners were found in Assam's Tejpur jail alone, who had been rotting in prison for more than 30 years without cases having been brought against them.
Out of them, one Machang Lalung is now 77 years old.
Mister Prime Minister 'at the International Film Festival.
He's been rotting in prison for the past 55 years.
All these five prisoners are now mental patients and are lodged in the mental hospital there.
Lalung was produced in court for the last time on 7th August, 1967.
He does n't speak anymore.
It's very easy for a prisoner to go insane given the conditions inside the prisons.
The endless wait for trials to begin pushes these undertrial prisoners over the edge.
Usually, they are branded criminals even if they have or have not committed crimes.
And be it the prison workers or the police, all of them treat them as criminals.
They are tortured to confess to their crimes.
A prisoner has to face corruption at every step.
In fact, he wants to screen this film for Prime Minister Manhoman Singh first.
Even to meet their relatives they have to bribe the jail staff.
Some prisoners say that the physical torture can still be endured but the way the jail staff misbehave and abuse them is intolerable.
But on the other hand, criminal bosses use the jail as centres for all kinds of activities.
A number of crime bosses run their gangs from here and it's all done with the collusion of the jail staff.
Special International Notice 'Agencies New Delhi.
The net around underworld don Dawood Ibrahim, India's most wanted criminal, said to be living in Pakistan, is tightening at the international level.
Interpol has decided to issue a 'Special International Notice' against him.
This notice is issued against those who are listed by the United Nations for having relations with Al and Taliban.
Dawood would be banned from entering 184 countries after this notice is issued.
All these countries can now seize his properties.
Talking to a TV Channel on Thursday, Dev Anand said that he does not want to enter his film in the festival for many reasons.
A red corner notice has already been issued against Dawood.
America too has included him in its terrorist list.
India too had participated in this meeting.
This notice would be sent to all the 184 member countries.
Pakistan too, is among these countries.
Due to this, Pakistan would face increasing political pressure to give up Dawood, who's hiding there under a false identity.
Other than this, Dawood's movements between countries, with the use of fake passports and documents would also be curbed.
Based on United Nation's proposal 1267, Dawood's name has been included in the list of terrorists.
India belives that Dawood is living in the Pakistani city of Karachi, and is engaged in his terrorist activities from there.
He also keeps commuting to Dubai.
He first wants to show it to the prime Minister.
America had termed Dawood as an international terrorist in 2003.
After this America had knocked at the United Nation's doors to seize his properties.
Pakistan's troubles can increase once Interpol's notice against Dawood is issued.
3 crores to LJP legislators was minister's proposal Raghuvansh Prasad accuses NDA Pre New delhi.
RJD's senior leader and Central Minister Raghuvansh Prasad Singh has made the accusation that LJP legislators were offered 3 crore rupees, ministerial berths, and legislative council memberships for their wives, to switch sides.
He said that NDA had played dirty politics to form a government in Bihar.
On the occassion of the Rural Development Department's state secretaries meet on Wednesday, Prasad said that NDA had harmed democracy.
He termed the act of dissolving the Bihar Assembly as a late but just decision.
He said there was no option but to dissolve the house to stop the horse of legislators.
Criticizing the BJP led NDA for indulging in the house of legislators, Prasad said that RJD had staked its claim to form the government on emerging as the largest party after the elections.
Dev Anand said that his film would be released on the 30th of November
Whereas NDA, rather than staking a claim had asked the Governor not to invite Lalu Prasad to form the government.
Prasad said that NDA had kept the abducted legislators from Jharkhand in Rajasthan, whereas the ones abducted from Bihar were taken to Jharkhand.
Regarding the election dates he said that the decision rests entirely with the Election Commission in this matter.
Dodging the question on the matter of the possible polarisation of political forces before the elections, he said that a complete coalition would be formed before the elections.
Regarding the alliance with LJP he said, we will finish off the NDA, with or without Paswan.
India has expressed its desire to attend the summit during this period.
On the other hand, Pakistan said on Monday that it had begun consultations with SAARC countries to decide on a date for the twice postponed summit.
According to government sources the Indian government has communicated to Bangladesh that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh can participate in the summit after the parliament's session closes on 13th May.
They said, it has also been agreed that the summit should be organized before monsoons set in, in the second week of June in Bangladesh.
Sources said that the most probable time for this can be the last week of May or the first week of June.
Now Maoists will conduct Panchayati Elections in Jharkhand IANS Ranchi.
They said if the summit is not organized during this period then it will be very late.
Sources said that the law and order situation has improved in Bangladesh and because of this India agreed to participate in the summit.
Pakistan's Foreign Department's spokesman Jaleel Abbas Jilani said today, we are aware of India's intention to participate in the summit.
He said, we are in communication with Bangladesh and SAARC countries to decide on a new date and are hopeful of it being agreed upon soon.
It should be noted that Pakistan is the current president of this regional grouping of seven countries that also include Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan and Maldives.
After the 26th December Tsunami disaster the summit scheduled for January had been postponed.
After this India had refused to particpitate in it in February due to the establishment of monarchy in Nepal and the prevailing security situation in Bangladesh.
According to the SAARC charter, the summit can only be organized if the heads or governments of all its seven countries are in attendance.
Kashmiris overwhelmed by the taste of Pakistani salt The wonders of rock salt IANS Srinagar.
The thaw in relations between India and Pakistan can also be seen in Kashmiri kitchens.
Taking on the role of the government in Jharkhand, the Maoists Guerillas have said, they will soon hold Panchayati elections in the state.
Pakistan's famous rock salt has reached the kitchens of Kashmir.
The Kashmiri people are also learning an important political lesson from this.
After decades of enmity, the thaw in relations between New Delhi and Islamabad has now made Pakistani salt easily available in the markets.
Now it can be bought at grocery stores.
This is not just any salt.
The Kashmiri people have a sentimental relationship with this salt.
The importance of this salt for Kashmir is evident from the fact that it has been a central issue of Kashmiri politics for the last 60 years.
Until 1947, this salt reached Kashmir from Pakistan through the Kashmir valley, passing through the Jhelum valley cart road.
In October 1947 when Kashmir became a part of India, the import of salt to Kashmir stopped and almost a salt famine ensued.
76 year old Mohammad Zaman from Northern Kashmir said that there had been a shortage of salt in Kashmir for those two years.
It should be noted that Panchayati Elections have not been held in Jharkhand for the last 28 years.
Its costs spiralled so high that only the rich could afford it.
However by 1949 the import of salt into Kashmir valley had normalized, but it again stopped due to the politicians.
The unavailability of Pakistani rock salt in the valley was turned into a sensitive political issue.
It was termed the question of salt.
Particularly, the regional National Conference made much use of the issue during the elections.
The party's motive was to use the people's weakness for this salt for its own political gains, and not to ensure its availability.
A time of theft and accusations: Fashion Week Accusations and counter fly at the capital's Lakme India Fashion Week New Delhi.
Theft and Accusations... This is what's going on at the Lakme India Fashion Week this year.
Looks like all copy have reached here.
If there is something 'original' then it's work of the older and established fashion designers that is being noticed.
The Maoists took this decision at their Central Committee's meeting held at Dhanbad last year.
It was the sixth day of the Lakme India Fashion week on Monday and the morning began with a controversy.
The famous fashion designer Sunit Verma called the press against the Bollywood fashion designer Aki Narula and said that Aki Narula stole the outfit he had created in 2003, and dressed Rani Mukherjee in it in Shaad Ali's forthcoming film 'Bunty aur Babli'.
We should mention here that it's the same Aki Narula who had designed costumes for the superhit film 'Dil Chahta Hai' and the much talked about 'Monsoon Wedding'.
However, after Sunit Verma's charged press conference at the Lakme India Fashion Week, Aki Narula was bound to reply.
So he too called up the press in the afternoon and said it clearly: Yes, I have not designed this outfit myself.
Infact he had bought it from a mumbai shop 'Options' for 8,000 rupees.
When things started to cool down Sunit Verma explained further.
He said: Actually I had seen it worn by Rani Mukherjee in a magazine for the promotion of a film.
So he called up the press to make the charge.
Sunit presented two photographs as evidence, in which Rani is wearing a light blue colored top and embroidered trousers.
A source close to the Maoists said, the Maoists believe that the Panchayati Elections will help settle the various disputes and disagreements among the people in rural Jharkhand.
In the second photo a model was wearing the same outfit and according to Sunit he had 'Oked' this.
Shantanu Goenka and Tarun Tahliani's controversy is also similar.
Tarun tahliani is a famous name in the fashion world.
The reason: people told him that Shantanu Goenka had copied his digital print T.
We should mention here that Shantanu Goenka is an upcoming fashion designer and has started out with this year's Lakme India Fashion Week.
When the controversy thickened Shantanu explained that digital print was not a technique over which anyone has a copyright.
He said that there's a lot of difference between his and Tarun Tahliani's work.
Sahnatanu said that his line has been embroidered with 'crystal work', whereas in Tarun Tahliani's work the emphasis has been on decoration along with the embroidery.
Tarun presented the matter in this manner: Some people told me that our work is very similar.
But Shantanu has used Visual Printing.
According to sources, the Maoists have decided to hold the Panchayati elections in the state in multiple stages.
This is a world trend and there is no patent for this.
Fashion Designers say that most of the thefts and copies are made of monopoly designs.
The established designers are well aware of this, therefore do not pay any attention to it.
Since Delhi is the media's Mecca if copies are pointed out here, one is at least guaranteed publicity and discussions at late night parties, even if the goods do n't actually sell.
As designer Swapan Seema says, if our designs are not copied it feels like something is not right.
The copycats and thiefs are using the fact that most designers do not copyright or patent their designs.
Designer Wendell Rodricks says, inspite of all the efforts and after spending so much money, how many designs can we copyright after all.
Therefore we do not want to get entangled into this issue.
Earthquake tremors in Manipur Manipur.
Earhquake tremors were felt this morning at 11:40 in India's north state of Manipur.
But they would not be similar to any of the elections held by the Central Election Commission.
The earthquake's intesity was measured at 4 on the Richter scale.
Note that, three days earlier a geological expert from Chennai N. Venkatanathan had predicted an eartquake in Assam, due to which the administration and the general public had panicked and stepped out of their houses.
Prediction turned out to be true.
After the weak tremors felt in Manipur the prediction is turning out to be true, and the administration is engaged in preparations to deal with it.
Geological scientist N. venkatanathan had expressed the possibility of an earthquake on the coming 8th of September.
At present, the locals are nervous and afraid due to the prediction turning out to be true.
While bad weather is also being cited as the reason for the weak tremors.
According to the scientists, chances of an earthquake occuring are always there during bad weather.
At present, the local administration has taken security measures in schools and government offices to deal with an earthquake.
Canada's tuber potatoes to be grown in Lahaul Most suitable to make chips Bavinder Vashishth Kullu.
The Maoists have said that detailed information in this regard would be realeased at a later date.
One of the best potato species, Canada's tuber potato will now grow in Himachal's tribal areas.
At the behest of Gujarat's Meakins company this potato was sown for the first time in Lahaul valley and the results have been encouraging.
The company's experts are reaching the valley on Wednesday to inspect the potato crop planted at Biling village by the Lahaul Potato Society (LPC).
Country needs 35000 crore rupees: Patil Pre Mumbai.
Patil said that a huge amount is needed to pay for the damage incurred due to the natural disasters that afflicted the country during the previous year.
A sum of 15,000 crore was needed to pay for the damages incurred during the Tsunami alone.
While to offset the damages due to other natural disasters an amount of 20,000 crores was needed.
In the conference 'Disaster Management for Safer India' organized by the Indian Merchant Chamber (IMC), Patil said that the International Monetary Fund is ready to help in a big way in this regard.
He said, the state governments will use their resources and the Centre will help them with it.
Sensex towards 9000 points Agencies Mumbai.
Reacting to the Maoists decision, a senior police officer engaged in anti operations said that this is an attempt by the Maoists to influence the poor in the state.
The upswing continued in local share markets during the special trading held on Saturday.
Due to FII's and Operator's strong support the BSE Sensex reached 8912.12 points at one time during the trading.
However, later, due to profit the sensex fell a bit and closed at 8889 points.
Inspite of this, it remained 36 points higher than Friday's closing mark of 8853.21 points.
The sensex has risen by 354.06 points in four quarters.
At the BSE, today, a trading of just 798.39 crores took place.
According to market sources, the reason for the current upswing in the shares is the active role played by FIIs.
FIIs have invested 1364.50 crore rupees in one week.
L&T, BHEL, Hero Honda, Reliance Energy, ONGC, Tata Power and NTPC have played a major role in taking the sensex to these new heights.
Tikait demands sugarcane price of 180 Amar Ujala Bureau New Delhi.
To thwart the Maoists' designs the state government must hold the Panchayati elections as soon as possible in the state.
The farmer leader Mahendra Singh Tikait is in a confrontational mood with the UP government over sugarcane's support price.
He said on Monday, we will have nothing to do with the support price.
Therefore, the government should pay the farmer the price for eight kilograms.
In the neighbouring state the government has announced the minimum support price of sugarcane to be 135 rupees per quintal.
Whereas, in Uttar Pradesh it's at the maximum 120 rupees per quintal.
He said that there should be one policy for this.
He explained his formula.
For example, 10 kilograms of sugar is made from one quintal of sugarcane, whose market price is 200 rupees.
The government, subtracting the amount for 2 kilograms should pay the price of eight kilograms, 180 rupees to the farmer.
That too is the government's profit.
It should be remembered, that Jharkhand separated from Bihar in November, 2000.
Tikait said, on the coming 2nd January, a grand rally has been convened in Lucknow, over the issue of increase in sugarcane's support price and for some other problems faced by the farmers, using which the government will be pressured.
Eight Pak prisoners return home with presents U Wagha.
Loaded with Christmas presents, eight Pakistani prisoners returned home via the Wagha borbder on Monday.
15 year old Farah Masih and 17 year old Altaf Shah are also among the prisoners.
The Indian government had released these prisoners on Sunday itself.
Among them, four prisoners, Mohammad Jafar, Raja Ashraf, Anwar Masih and Mohammad Akhtar were lodged in Jammu jail, while Irshad and Mohammad Shareef were in Sangrur jail.
A young woman by the name of Farah Masih is also among the prisoners.
This young woman from Kotli Khan village of Narwal district had crossed over into the Indian border by mistake three years ago.
Later, she was kept at the Gandhi Vanita Ashram located at Jalandhar.
15 year old Altaf too, had mistakenly entered into the Indian border three years ago.
And for the past 28 years no Panchayats have been formed in this region.
He was lodged at the Childrens Protection Centre at Faridkot.
There are still five Pakistani children there.
The road to their freedom was cleared after the Home Ministry's withdrawal of the Passport Act case against them.
Amara Ujala Bureau New Delhi.
At present, the task of updating the voter lists is going on in most states of the country.
It will be completed next month.
Last Friday, soon after the dismissal of the rebel MPs from the house, the Lok Sabha secretariat had realeased a notfication in this regard.
Also, on the same day the Election Commission was notified about the action taken against rebel MPs.
Who's complaining against Gaur?
Amar Ujala Bureau New Delhi.
Panchayati Elections were held in Bihar in 2001, but in Jharkhand no steps have been taken in this regard.
However, in their complaints filed with the commission these women have not disclosed their names and addresses.
During the past one month the Commission has recieved a number of such complaints from women, in which Babula Gaur has been accused of sexual harrasement.
All these complaint letters have been sent from Delhi itself.
However, the complainants would be disheartened to learn that the Commission would not act on the basis of these letters.
The Commission has said that it can not act on accusations made in letters without any names and addresses.
And if these women have really been harrased by Gaur, then why have their names and addresses been kept hidden.
The Commission's head Girija Vyas says that no action is possible against such accusations.
She says, if the complainant does not disclose her name and address, then, how can the commission help solve her problem?
The commission sees politics being played by way of these complaints, rather than any truth.
A section in the BJP is engaged in a political campaign against Babulal Gaur at this time.
The Jharkhand High Court has also expressed its displeasure at Panchayati Elections not being held for a long time in the state.
Khareef Crops not harmed by rain: Agriculture Ministry New Delhi.
The Agriculture Ministry believes that the past few days' rainfall in most parts of the country have not harmed the Khareef crops.
But the ministry's officials admit that heavy rains in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra have harmed the crops.
According to the ministry's statistics there has been a 12.5 precent increase in the sowing of rice compared to last year.
The Central Agrigultural Ministry is not in agreement with the agricultural scientists, and it maintains that the past few days' rains have not harmed the Khareef crops.
According to sources, during the Weather Watch Group's weekly meeting, it was the opinion of the officials that the past few days' heavy rainfall has not harmed the Khareef crops.
Sources claim, the rains have harmed crops in Rajasthan, Western Uttar Pradesh 'Gujarat, Haryana and Maharasthra, including a number of other regions.
But the ministry does not agree with this.
A number of state governments have pleaded with the Centre for financial help to offset the losses caused by the rainfall.
The officials have said, that at present there is no need to send an official to the states to survey the damage caused by the rains.
It must also be noted, that due to the Panchayats not being formed in the state, Jharkhand has had to forego its share of the 500 crores central grant made available by the Centre to Panchayats every year.
However, a team of officials had visited Andhra Pradesh to survey the losses caused by the past days' heavy rain and storm.
The agriculture ministry believes that the rains will be beneficial for late sown crops.
Whereas sugracane has been sown with an increase of 3.89 lakh hectares.
The Governor is free to go anywhere in the state.
New Delhi.
The party says, SP acting without cause.
The state's chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, himself is not fulfilling his responsibilities.
Occupying a constitutional post, if the governor tours riot hit areas, then there's nothing wrong with it.
Party Genereal Secretary and incharge for UP COMMA Stayavrat Chaturvedi has said that Chief Mulayam Singh is not fulfilling his responsibilties in the right manner.
In case of riots taking place anywhere, it's the foremost duty of the Chief Minister to tour riot areas and instill confidence in law and order.
Sonal Chauhan crowned Miss Tourism International Amar Ujala Bureau Noida.
But Mulayam Singh without taking any steps in this regard has even tried to stop the governor from going there.
Thus constrained, the governor had to go to Mau without permission.
Chaturvedi asked, why did the Mulayam government want to stop the governor from going there.
Since, he is the president's nominee, the governor has the right to visit any part of the sate.
Perhaps, the state government was afraid that the governor's tour would bring out the truth that the party's own functionaries were fuelling the communal tensions there.
According to the Congress, Mulayam Singh Yadav had tried to draw a curtain over brain fever in this very manner.
After Congress president Soniya Gandhi's tour of the affected areas the datta on the number of the children who had died due to the illness, had come to light.
The Congress has advised the UP government that rather than engaging in this sort of politics, it should focus on law and order and basic amenities.
Monsoon gains strength Pre showers drench delhi and nearby areas Amar Ujala Bureau\/Agencies New Delhi.
Having stopped in Benares on Saturday, the monsson again gained stregth today.
Having started her modelling career from Noida, Sonal Chauhan beat girls from 33 other countries on Saturday to win the title of Miss Tourism International.
On Sunday, some parts of India experienced heavy rainfall, which brought a sigh of relief to people tormented by heat waves.
Delhi and nearby areas experienced a good rainfall but these are pre showers.
The Weather Department belives that after these rains, the possibilty of monsoon reaching Delhi on time, has increased.
And the experts believe that the pre showers would lead to a speedy sowing of Khareef crops.
At the same time it ensures the possibilities of a good crop.
According to ICAR's Chief Director Mangla Roy, Sunday's rain will spring a new life into the entire sowing process.
According to the weather department, in the past wenty fours hours, the monsson has been active in many parts of Western and Eastern Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttaranchal, Western Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.
It has rained in Western Uttar Pradesh's Agra, Bareli and nearby areas.
Elsewhere, monsoon has knocked on Uttaranchal's door.
The monsson winds have blown towards Rajsthan too and there has been news of rainfall in Kota, where usually monsoon arrives late.
Sonal is the first girl from the country to win this title.
It is raining in Ahmedabad and Gwalior too.
In north india, on Sunday, the highest rainfall was recorded in Chandigarh (103mm), whereas in Haryana's Ambala 38.3 mm rainfall was recorded.
In Karnal (49.4 mm) too, it rained heavily.
In Punjab's Ludhiana it rained 15.3 mm, while in Patial 65.4 mm.
It is raining heavily in Mumbai and is expected to continue for the next few days.
Elsewhere, in the country 12 people lost their lives in rain related incidents.
Using the stage at the country's main IT show, the former prime minister and JD supremo H.D. Devegowda attacked a section of the IT industry once again.
The former prime minister accused the IT bosses of waging a campaign to destabilise his party's coalition government with the congress in Karnataka.
Changing his decision of not participating in Bangalore, Devegowda used the occassion to level the charge that a section of the IT industry has been waging a campaign since after two or three months of his coalition government coming to power.
It is being said that IT companies are moving out of Bangalore in the absence of basic infrstructure.
The competition was held in Malaysia.
The pain of the families torn apart due to India's division was seen at the railway station in Pahalgam zone on Tuesday.
She was meeting her maternal uncle from Pakistan after 45 years.
On hugging her uncle, her eyes became wet.
This scene brough tears to the eyes of every person present at the station.
Alhough Kausar was happy to meet her uncle, she was also sad that her mother died waiting to see her brother.
On the other hand, Sardar Mohammad Alam Khan heading the Pakistani delegation also cried unconsolably hugging his niece.
But when he found out that she had passed away, the tears from his eyes would not stop flowing.
This sentimental scene can not be depicted in words.
The partition's pain could be felt on Naseem Kausar's daughter Shaila's face, who saw her grandfather for the first time.
Due to engagements the delegation had to leave early, but forgetting time limits all members were swept away in the sea of sentiments.
Talking exclusively to Amar Ujala over the phone from Malaysia, Sonal said, I've reached here because of the Noida residents' well wishes.
State government officer COMMA Naseem Kausar told Amar Ujala that she feels happy to meet her maternal uncle after 45 years.
But regrets that her mother kept waiting to see her brother.
She said her mother died in 2002.
If my mother had been alive, then I could n't have been happier than that.
Naseem said, her Uncle lives in Rawalpindi and has been working for Pakistan Radio.
I had seen him when I was 5 years old.
The desire was there, but the distances between the two countries kept us separated.
We wanted that the divided families should be given ample oppurtunities to meet.
Shail's face too, reflected her happiness.
She said, she had never thought that there would be an effort from both sides that would bring her family together.
The competition was held from 9th to 23rd July in Malaysia's Kuching city.
This effort needs to be continued so that divided families get the oppurtunity to meet.
Shaila has seen her grandfather for the first time and she too wants to go to Pakistan to visit his entire family.
BJP has strongly criticised India's vote alongwith America and the European Union on Iran's nuclear program at the motion tabled at the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), and has charged the government with not taking the opposition into confidence.
Along with this, the party has demanded that the report of the conversation between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Pakistan's President Parvez Musharraf in New York earlier, be made public.
He wondered, if the decision to sign on this resolution was taken by the cabinet.
Why were n't the opposition's political parties consulted on this issue?
In particular, it should be made clear, what effect this step would have on India's nuclear policy and security.
He also made the demand that the content of the conversation between Prime Minister Manhoman Singh and Pakistan's President Parvez Musharraf held at New York earlier, be disclosed.
Before the talks, Pakistan's General Karamat had given the statement that talks over removing forces from Siachen and Kupwara would be held.
But what was talked about, this has not been made public.
After the competiton Sonal said that when her name was called out as the winner she could n't belive it for a few moments, because she'd thought that the results had already been fixed.
Bihar Elections: Paswan meeting inconclusive LJP supremo stand firm over Muslim Chief demand New Delhi.
Congress' efforts of fighting the Bihar Assembly elections with a coalition of all secular parties are failing.
According to the congress, its first priority is to defeat the communal forces.
In its efforts to bring around central minister Ram Vilas Paswan, congress' chief secretary Digvijay Singh met him.
After the meeting, Digvijay Singh said that he has not yet been able to persuade Paswan.
On Paswan's muslim chief minister condition, Digvijay Singh said that Paswan will first have to fight the elections alongwith congress and its allies.
After winning the elections, a chief minister would be considered.
The congress is not in favor of projecting a chief minister at the beginning.
Paswan today clearly said that if the Rashtriya Janta Dal agrees on the muslim chief minister demand, then he will think about a tie.
Paswan tried to persuade the congress to agree with his terms by presenting the argument that congress has always made huge sacrifices in the name of secularism, therefore why ca n't it agree on this condition of his.
Girls from 34 countries participated in this competition.
The congress does not agree with Paswan's condition of deciding on a chief minister before the elections.
Hence, the meeting between the two leaders remained inconclusive.
In the beginning of the 1980's decade, talks, policy debates and decisions at the Prime Minister's office got leaked to European countries and America.
The reason for this, France's secret services had infiltrated the PMO.
Cobwebs of RAW: Down Memeory Lane 'by a former RAW higher and Additional Secretary in the cabinet secretariat, B. Raman.
In this book, which is to be released next week raman has said that French intelligence agencies had infiltrated the PMO.
A number of secret reports related to RAW and IB's operations found their way into ts hands.
The French intelligence agency used to share these confidential reports with other European and American intelligence agencies.
American activities were not reliable.
Raman said in his book that CIA knew at the time that the prime minister was suspicious of American activities.
Miss Russia, Natasha was the first runners-up and NULL Miss Lebanon, Sandra the second runners-up.
So, it used to seek the help of European Intelligence agencies.
This went on until the infiltration of the PMO by french agents was discovered.
The American intelligence agency was trying to collect documents related to RAW's activties in Sri Lanka.
Situation grave in the 80's decade According to Raman in the 80's decade due to weak counter operations we had to suffer a lot of losses.
Raman cites a number of such incidents in his book.
According to him, an Australian woman working with a United Nation sponsored program, was at the time living with a police official, who had been sent on deputation to RAW.
RAW's counter intelligence and security divsion was unaware of this fact for a long time.
cobwebs' inside the agency.
Rameshwar Nath Kaw had been at first, IB's external intelligence division's and later RAW's, chief.
Having started with IB's External Division in 1967, Raman have moved to RAW in 1968 on the inception of the agency.
She'll reach Noida in two or three days.
Raman has mentioned a number of issues, like Bangladesh's freedom, infiltration in Kashmir, and terrorism in North east and Punjab in his book.
He said that Mishra had weakened the role of the security agency chiefs.
The cars have been seized on the charge that the Group has evaded an import duty of 2.5 crore rupees.
According to sources, most of the seized cars are from the Toyota Company.
However, the group's Managing Director Manoj Gaud claimed that these cars have been lawfully imported and all due rules have been followed.
He said that JP Hotels had imported these cars six months earlier for its proposed Car Rental business.
Later, the rental business proposal was suspended.
He said these cars have not as yet been used for the rental business.
He said, we will cooperate with the DRI.
DRI sources have said that a case has been registered in this matter and investigations are on.
Sonal recounted that when the judges asked her, if you are asked to name someone as winner, who would you choose, then I took my own name, I could n't think of anyone else.
According to sources, the Delhi based DRI department's team showed up at the Greater Noida based Golf Course.
The team comprised six members.
They got the gates closed upon enetering the Golf Course and did not permit anyone to enter inside.
It must be mentioned that in the past too, the DRI had seized cars, belonging to the actor Sunil Shetty, many politicians and industrialists, for being bought without the import duty being paid.
Smiles return on potter's faces Railway Minister's announcement drives hopes of increase in trade Ambala.
Smiles have returned to potter's faces after the Railway Minister's announcement that tea would be served in earthen cups instead of plastic glasses at railway stations.
They have new hopes of resurrection of their dying trade.
Potters have started receiving orders from the vendors to make earthen pots.
Due to the Railway Minister's annoucement, the smell of damp earth once again spread in Ambala town and Cantonement's potters' colonies.
Its resident Shyam Lal, earnestly engaged in his work, has no more free time on his hands.
She especially wants to thank Hemendra Lalwani and Nandita Roy, her dress designers and Mumbai's Lancel.
The Reason: he has secured a fresh order to make two thousand earthen pots.
His wife, mother, and children are also enthusiastically engaged in this work.
Someone is kneading the clay, someone is taking the freshly made pots to dry them in the sun, while someone else is busy gathering the dry pots.
Regarding the new announcement, Shyam Lal has to say that it's nothing short of a blessing for him that a magnanimous person like Lalu Prasad Yadav has become the Railway Minister.
According to Shyam Lal his trade had gone to the wall.
And he had even advised his children to give up on this family trade, but the Railway Minister's annoucement has come as a ray of new hope for the potter community.
Shyam Lal said that he got an order from the Railways to make two thousand pots on Tuesday itself.
The Cantonment railway station manager R. N Meena said that according to the railway minister's orders, the direction to serve tea in earthen pots at the station has been implemented from 25th May itself.
On Tuesday, all vendors were handed a written order and directed to follow it with immediate effect.
Sonia's resignation clever.
Sonal's father, Raghuraj Singh Chauhan is a police inspector and lives with his family in Sector.
Pre.
Nagpur.
RSS has heartily praised the step taken by Sonia Gandhi over the office of profit controversy.
This decision of hers also shows how she has politically matured.
In his weekly column published in the local Marathi daily 'Tarun Bharat' Vaidya said that even if she'd just resigned from the NSC Chairperson's post, then too, the issue would've been resolved.
But her resignation from both the posts is an example of her political maturity.
Praising Sonia for her brave decision and without naming the BJP, Vaidya raised the point that those who have termed her resignation mere drama should now ask their members, who stand similarly accused, to resign.
He said that Sonia Gandhi should be praised for the fact that she saved the UPA government from bringing in an ordinance in this matter.
Vaidya believes that the noise the opposition is making on Sonia Gandhi's decision to resign from both the posts, has no basis.
Congress stands to benifit from her resignation.
He said that after being admitted to Delhi's Gargi college someone had remarked that she had come there to win the Miss India title.
He said that Sonia has resigned from Lok Sabha's membership and not retired fom politics.
She is about to contest elections from Rae again.
Sonia will win this time with far more votes than the last time.
He said that Samajwadi party member Jaya Bachhan and Karan Singh have the same option before them.
But the Samjawadi Party is not going to take it.
Vaidya said that Sonia has taken the decision after careful consideration COMMA and because of this, not just her but the entire Congress stands to gain.
He said that the assembly elections are round the corner in Uttar Pradesh and the Congress would surely make much of Sonia's sacrifice, where at this time it does not have a strong mass base.
Without naming the BJP and criticizing the Left parties, Vaidya said that all those members who fall in the purview of occupying an office of profit, should resign.
The UPA government should define an office of profit and should pass the bill not by majority vote but unanimously.
Pointing a finger at BJP, Vaidya said that those who have termed her resignation as an act, should first resign themselves.
It's that remark that has got her here today.
No agreement on Siachen Issue Pak's claims hollow India disagrees with proposal New Delhi.
In March, when India and Pakistan's Foreign Ministers will meet in Islamabad, will an agreement be reached over withdrawing forces from Siachen?
Pakistan is leaving no stone unturned in advertising that this will happen, whereas according to highly placed sources in India's Foreign Ministry, there is still time.
Sources in the Foreign Ministry have said that there's no substance in Pakistan's claims.
No agreement as yet on withdrawing forces.
It's said that nothing can be said at this time on Pakistan Foreign Minister Khursheed Mahmud Kasuri's claim about an agreement having been reached between the two countries over the Kashmir problem.
On the question of withdrawing forces from Siachen, nine meetings have been held over this issue since 2004.
A meeting at the level of Army officials was also held, but as yet no agreement has been reached over the conditions for withdrawal of the forces.
No agreement against national interests
According to a highly placed official, India is not willing to compromise one bit against its national interests over Siachen.
He said that in the beginning he was n't in favor of his daughter participating in these competitions.
It's said that Pakistan wants India's and Pakistan's forces to withdraw together into their respective territories.
India does not at all agree with this.
Also, any resolution of Siachen or Kashmir issue is only possible when cross terrorism comes to a complete stop.
And Pakistan stops supporting terrorists.
But at the moment there's little evidence of this happening.
However, an important meeting is going to be held in Islamabad over this on 6th March.
Increase in Trade would help normalize relations.
It's said that the present excercise is to restore confidence among the common people on both sides.
It's possible that an agreement can also be reached over statements and efforts that try to spread hate between the two countries.
Sources from the Foreign Ministry say that the army also has an opinion over withdrawal of forces from Siachen.
But he had to agree in the face of her strong determination.
Moreover, India's interests are also to be considered.
This is a sensitive issue and the level of confidence building with Pakistan is not so positive that it can be resolved that easily.
Praveen lived off Pramod's money
Sister Praja Munde tells Court Praveen murdered Pramod in Mumbai.
Praveen lived off Pramod's money Sister Praja Munde
Remember that Praveen had shot and killed his own brotr Pramod.
Praveen was dependent on Pramod for money.
BJP Chief Gopinath Munde's wife, Pragya told the court that praveen was dependent on Pramod for money.
Pramod was a father figure for us.
She told the court that when he was attacked, he was unarmed and could not defend himself.
From the beginning she was different from other children.
Pramod did not have a weapon on him and Praveen was the one who killed him.
While deposing before the court, her eyes welled up and she said that Pramod was the one who used to look after Praveen's family.
Pragya said that Praveen is a liar and has no shame, but I am Gopinath Munde's wife and have some shame left, therefore I'm speaking out the truth in the court.
Pragya said that Praveen was like that piece of coal which could n't value a diamond like Pramod.
Remember that Praveen had shot Pramod Mahajan last year on 22nd April and he had died twelve days later in the hospital.
She said that when Rekha told her in tears that Praveen had shot Pramod, she ran towards Pramod's flat.
Public Prosecutor Ujjwal Nigam told the reporters after the hearinf that the chief winess in this matter, Pramod Mahajan's servant Mahesh Wankhede would depose on 8th may.
When the Indian officials were asked as to what provisions had been made for passengers in the event of cancellation of flights, they said, if something of the sort happens the airlines would inform the passengers in advance.
Kuwait took this step accusing the Indian government of not honoring a pact on air services.
It's believed that if the ban on flights is enforced then thousands of Indian passengers would be affected.
When Sonal, who has modelled for a number of ads, called home last night and conveyed the news of her triumph, celebrations broke out in the house and crackers were burst.
On the other hand, Indian officials have said that talks would be held with the Kuwaiti government on this matter.
If the ban is enforced passengers would be affected.
The Kuwaiti government has taken this step given India's unwillingness over increasing the number of Kuwaiti flights taking off from India.
It should be mentioned that before this, a pact has been signed over increasing the number of flights between India and Kuwait.
Kuwait has said that india is now backing out of the agreement.
Actually Kuwait wants an increase in the number of flights from India for one of its airlines, but India is not agreeing to this.
However, insiders believe that India has taken this step keeping in mind the interest of its own air services.
According to an official in the ministry, a meeting would be held with Kuwaiti officials before the end of May.
A joint committee from the Ministry of Civil Aviation would go to Kuwait to partcipate in this meeting.
India's ambassador in Kuwait will also attend the meeting.
Amidst chanting of Vedic hymns, the former Prime Minister Narasimha Rao was creamted with full military honors on the banks of Hussain Sagar lake.
Notice served to Air India and Indian
Indian 'carriers have been served a notice.
Kuwait's Director General of Civial Aviation has issued this notice.
On this, an official from Kuwait Airways has said that India has been indifferent towards this agreement for a long time.
This official expressed hope that the issue would be resolved in the meeting to be held in New Delhi between Kuwaiti and Indian officials.
Whereas, one India official said, we are in constant contact with our New Delhi located headquarters.
Talks with Kuwaiti Government to be held soon: India After the Kuwaiti government's annoucement,
Indian Air Carriers have started talks with other airlines to prepare for any emeregency situation.
Some people have started canceling their advanced bookings.
The carriers are not charging them any cacellation fees.
A son of the soil, who'd once occupied the country's highest post as Prime Minister was seen off by thousands of people with tearful eyes.
However the airline companies are saying that there is no panic among the passengers over this announcement and they are undertaking advance bookings upto July.
When the Indian officials were asked as to what provisions had been made for passengers in the event of cancellation of flights, they said, if something of the sort happens the airlines would inform the passengers in advance.
What's the dispute New Delhi.
Some time ago, Kuwait demanded an increase in the number of flights of its first budget airline Jazeera Airways.
A 50 percent increase in its flights was suggested.
But the Indian government refused.
If Jazeera Airways had been permitted these extra flights, it could have affected the business of Air india and Indian Airlines.
The reason being that 10 out 13 Jazeera flights to and from India go to Kuwait via Dubai.
Because of which, most people prefer these flights.
It should be mentioned that as of now, Air India runs four weekly flights to Kuwait from Mumbai, whereas Indian Airlines runs three.
Rao's pyre in the Buddha Purnima Park was lit by his eldest son P.V Ranga Rao.
On the other hand, Kuwait Airways and Jazeera Airlines have daily flights to Mumbai, and weekly flights to South india.
Vipin successfully makes a Supercomputer
Supercomputer costing 80 lakhs in the world market made for 10 lakhs.
Ghaziabad.
Throwing a challenge to the ongoing research aimed at increasing computer's processing powers.
Compter Science final year student Vipin Kumar accomplished the task of constructing a supercomputer by combining 30 computers using the clustering technique.
Vipin's supercomputer has a speed of upto 46 giga.
And this young boy from western Uttar Pradesh has claimed to increase it to one and a half lakh giga by combining more computers.
When the district administration was informed about his research by the institute's management, the collector got it checked by experts.
The experts too, were astonished by his experiment.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was also present on this occassion along with his wife.
Vipin is the first Indian to have made super computers by combining together a number of computers.
District commissioner Santosh Kumar Yadav, has written to the state's Information and Technology Department praising Vipin's achievement.
Also, all technical institutes will also be informed.
He said the collectorate's computers too, would be combined by Vipin's path technique to increase the processing power.
In the collectorate's meeting room, reporters were informed about the supercomputer made by Vipin Kumar, a student of Rajkumar Goyal Institute of Technology.
District Magistrate Yadav, Vipin and the college's Computer Science professor Krishna Bansal jointly talked about the supercomputer.
Vipin said that using the clustering technique he combined 30 computers and increased their processing power.
He said that at present the supercomputers available in world markets are priced at 80 lakh rupees.
Whereas, the model made by him cost just 10 lakh rupees.
Vipin said that supercomputing processing power which was a monopoly of developed nations until now, is available in various research and educational institutions in India for lower costs using the clustering method.
Other than him, a number of central ministers and senior leaders from the ruling and the oppossition parties were also in attendance.
The supercomputer model was made in the college using 30 simple computers.
RedHat Linux 7.0 and Oscar 4.0 package have been used to manufacture it.
This technique is very profitable.
With this, higher processing power is available at very low costs.
Its maintenance is also lower than other supercomputers.
Vipin said the supercomputer made by him has a speed of 45 giga.
He's tested it with an HPL software.
It can be used for weather forecasts, complex animation.
number crunching problems, bio techniques, to understand the DNA, and to generate atomic and nuclear 3 models and understand the forces and effects that act on it.
District Magistrate Yadav said that normally a computer has a speed of 2 giga.
Narasimha Rao had passed away at AIIMS in Delhi on Thursday.
When a number of computers were combined the speed increased.
Normal computers take upto one or two days to process any application.
The same task can be done on a supercomputer in ten minutes, because its speed is much faster.
The District Magistrate would notify the state administration in writing about Vipin's work.
Also, all the computers available in the collectorate will also be combined using Vipin's technique.
What's special is that all regular work and its processing would go on as usual during this.
The talks between Khokhar and the Indian Foreign Secretary Shashank would be held on Sunday and Monday.
Talking to reporters after reaching the capital, Khokhar said that he wishes the Indian people on behalf of the Pakistan government and its people.
He said that he is determined to resolve bilateral issues and would not shrink from putting in any effort in this direction.
Khokhar reiterated that we are proceeding towards serious deliberations on sensitive issues.
His mortal remains had been brought to Hyderabad for the last rites.
He said that dialogues would be held on various other issues other than Jammu and Kashmir.
It's believed that India would raise the issue of separatist muslim terrorism in Kashmir during these talks.
On the other hand Pakistan would raise the issue of reduction of troops along the Line of Control and the inclusion of Kashmiri leaders in these talks.
Khokhar said, ''in the event of a change in Prime Ministers in Pakistan, the process of positive talks with India would not be affected.''
He said, ''Why should the talks be affected''.
After all it's part of the democratic process.
However, on Saturday Khokhar met with the Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani.
A number of officials from the Pakistan High Commission also attended their two hour long meeting.
During an interview with a television channel Pakistan's Foreign Minister Khurshid Ahmad Kasuri said that whatever agreement would be reached on Kashmir would be acceptable to the people of Kashmir.
Kasuri said that he is ready to talk to everyone on this matter.
Before this Rao's relatives held a 'Pitra Yagya'.
India has said that it would not shy away from increasing military co operation and building confidence between the two nations, but on the Kashmir issue it would not change its old position.
On Saturday, as Khokhar reached India, Pakistan supported militants killed 12 people and wounded 8 in the Soorankot area.
While Pakistan maintains that it would not let its territory be used by the militants for any violent activities.
But would keep providing political and diplomatic support to Kashmiris in Pakistan controlled Kashmir.
Note that more than 65COMMA000 people have lost their lives in India controlled Kashmir in the terrorist operations being waged by separatist muslim groups since 1989.
The traders supported the strike in a meeting under the Ministry of Indian Trade and Industry, Forum of Delhi Trade Associations and Delhi Vyapar Sangh.
The traders proclaim that the 'Bharat band' this time would be historic due to the presence of the wholesalers as well as the retailers.
Along with this, several small scale industrialists in Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and other states too have expressed their support through suspension of sales and buying proceeds.
VAT has led to countrywide collapse of trade.
Due to this protest demonstration a large number of devotees had to wait outside the main door.
His three sons and five daughters participated in this.
After this the police intervened in the matter and got the door opened.
The anti encroachment drive was launched in view of security on the occassion of the Urs by the Dargah Committee.
A few members of the Dargah Committe suffered some injuries during this entire incident.
Terrorists enter via India Nepal border.
New Delhi.
The State Home Minister S. Raghupati said in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday that India has expressed its concern to Nepal regarding security related problems.
The India government has told Nepal that Pakistani militants make use of the security lapses at the India Nepal border to infiltrate into Indian territory.
He said that the government has sanctioned the deployment of 20 new battalions of Armed Border Forces.
DIG accused of sexual harrasment Kolkota.
Retired judge and head of HRC S. K Sen said that the DGP has been directed to look into the constable's complaint.
Firing their guns in the air 21 times, the Gorkha Regiment gave the final salute to former Prime Minister Rao.
Assam: three die in grenade attack at the station Guwahati.
Three people died in a grenade attack at the Maibong railway station on Wednesday in North Kachar district of Assam.
Four people including two women and a child were injured in the incident.
According to a police source, the explosion occurred late in the afternoon at a warehouse near a water tank located close to the station.
He said the suspected militants managed to disappear into the crowd after triggering the explosoin.
The local police suspect the hand of the Dima Halom Daogo group in this explosion.
All injured have been admitted to the Maibong government hospital.
According to police sources the blast has not affected the rail traffic.
Case filed against Amarnath Shrine Board Srinagar.
A complaint has been filed against the Amrnath Shrine Board for fiddling with the Shivling that forms naturally every year in the Amarnath cave.
At that time the atmosphere became charged with emotion and the air was rendered with slogans of 'Long Live Narasimha Rao'.
In the complaint filed in the Jammu and Kashmir High Court the shrine has been accused of hurting the religious sentiments of Hindus.
The hearing in the case has been scheduled for Thursday in Justice J.P. Singh's court.
In the petition filed by Kistwar residents, the State government, the state's Chief Secretary and the Secretary and Director of the tourism department have also been named.
The petition charges that due to the installation of the artificial Shivling, the sentiments of the devotees that visit the Amarnath cave have been hurt.
It should be noted that due to the controversy that erupted with regard to the installation of the artificial Shivling in the past, the Amarnath Shrine Board had already initiated an inquiry into the entire case by a retired High Court judge.
Two suspected SIMI workers arrested.
Khandwa (M.P.) Two SIMI workers have been arrested for the incident of violence during a religious procession in the town in April.
Additional Police Commissioner S.P. Singh said on Wednesday that Mohaamad Ameen Qureshi and Mohammad Shafeeq were arrested on the information provided by senior members of the banned organization.
Singh said that they were arrested on the information provided by Imran Ansari, a SIMI worker, who was arrested from Bhopal after the Mumbai bomb blasts.
He said that a number of objectionable documents have been found on them.
Telugu Bidda (Son) Rao was the first South Indian to occupy the Prime Minister's chair.
It should be noted that earlier too, 12 SIMI workers had been arrested in this case, including two women.
Both companies want to manufacture the medicine, not on the government's terms COMMA but their own.
These companies are eyeing the international market rather than the domestic market.
Therefore both the companies are more interested in talks with Ross, the manufacturing company of this medicine, so that they can get the rights to manufacture and sell this medicine in the Asia region.
The Health Ministry has said that until now none of the companies have contacted it for compulsive licensing.
Therefore the question of issuing a compulsive license does not arise.
Then there are also some technical hassles in this.
On the other hand, sources in these copanies have said, that since Bird Flu has not been detected in India as yet, they do n't want to take the risk of manufacturing the medicine after getting a compulsive licesnselicenselicense issued from the government.
Because, with this license they would be unable to sell the medicine outside India.
Whereas both the companies are in talks with Ross regarding the manufacture and sale of this medicine in the Asian countries.
Hundreds of villagers from his Vangara village in Karimnagar district had also turned up to pay their last respects.
Ross has been facing demands from the entire world for this medicine, so it's possible that it might extend the manufacturing rights of the medicine to a few companies.
These samples were of birds found dead in suspicious circumstances.
The Agriculture Ministry has banned the import of poultry related products from 11 countries affected by bird flu.
Meanwhile, the Health Ministry has said that the Home Minister might convene a meeting regarding bird flu in the next one or two days.
In an interview with an english language newspaper published from Kolkota, Chappel admitted, Yes I made the gesture.
Infact, Chappel had never imagined that the finger gesture would turn into such a big issue.
He was caught between a rock and a hard place.
The Englsih daily from Kolkata after all, made Chappel admit the truth.
According to it, on being asked about the indecednt gesture made towards the spectators Chappel said, I do n't need to explain this.
But it's true that I made the finger gesture.
Other than them, a number of Central Ministers, and Chief Ministers and Governors from other states were also in attendance.
He also said that the pictures shown on various news channels are authentic.
Chappel also expressed sadness at the behavior of the Kolkata crowd.
He said on that day too, during the match in Kolkata the behavior of the cricket lovers was strange and counter productive.
All efforts were made to instigate me.
Pople were shouting out my name.
Later, Baladitya tried to dodge the question on his behalf by saying that any such incident never happened.
Answering the reporters questions Balditya kept reiterating that Chappel was just showing his injured finger.
He said that all the team members and Greg Chappel respect India's cricket lovers.
Chappel was injured during the practice session and the matter must now be closed here.
A local channel's cameraman had taken a picture and sold it to various news channels.
The Andra Pradesh government has earmarked an area of 2.9 acres near the Hussain Sagar lake.
This year, officials equipped with important imformation will SMS 1.5 crore people spending freely on Deepavali shopping and ask them to file returns without fail before the final deadline of 31st October.
The government has also indicated its willingness to free the salaried class from filing income tax returns from next year.
Talking to reporters on Thursday, Finance Minister P. Chidambram said that a proposal to excuse the salaried class from filing retrns is being considered.
But it would depend on when the Income Tax department can completely implement the Tax Information Network (TIN).
The government has already started the process of computerization of the Income tax returns process but due to the non implementation of TIN in this, it is being delayed.
He said that we have much more information than what people credit us for.
Chidambram said that all mobile users who have shopped for an amount of 10,000 rupees or more would be sent an SMS to file their tax returns before the 31st of October.
Sharing some of the information gathered from Tax officials, the Finance Minister divulged that 1,27,511 parties or individuals have withdrawn a cash amount in the excess of 10 lakh rupees during the year.
He said, similarly, during the past one year 3,23,563 individuals paid an amount of more than 2 lakhs by way of credit cards.
Chidambram disclosed that 4,00,966 mutual funds of more than 2 lakhs were bought during this period.
A memorial for Narasimha Rao would be erected at this site.
All these cases can come under the tax scanner.
He said that 85,000 tax payers have shown an annual income of more than 10 lakh rupees.
But this figure, surely, is much bigger.
We hope that soon this number would double, triple or quadruple.
Kickstarting the mission to file tax returns before the deadline, Chidambram said that he would himself visit the Income Tax department on the 31st of October and file his return.
Although, in the past he has never himself gone to file his return.
But he has taken this decision to encourage the people.
This year, officials equipped with important imformation will SMS 1.5 crore people spending freely on Deepavali shopping and ask them to file returns without fail before the final deadline of 31st October.
The government has also indicated its willingness to free the salaried class from filing income tax returns from next year.
Talking to reporters on Thursday, Finance Minister P. Chidambram said that a proposal to excuse the salaried class from filing retrns is being considered.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrived in Hyderabad by a special flight on Saturday morning alongwith his wife Gurucharan Kaur to attend Rao's funeral.
But it would depend on when the Income Tax department can completely implement the Tax Information Network (TIN).
The government has already started the process of computerization of the Income tax returns process but due to the non implementation of TIN in this, it is being delayed.
He said that we have much more information than what people credit us for.
Chidambram said that all mobile users who have shopped for an amount of 10,000 rupees or more would be sent an SMS to file their tax returns before the 31st of October.
Sharing some of the information gathered from Tax officials, the Finance Minister divulged that 1,27,511 parties or individuals have withdrawn a cash amount in the excess of 10 lakh rupees during the year.
He said, similarly, during the past one year 3,23,563 individuals paid an amount of more than 2 lakhs by way of credit cards.
Chidambram disclosed that 4,00,966 mutual funds of more than 2 lakhs were bought during this period.
All these cases can come under the tax scanner.
He said that 85,000 tax payers have shown an annual income of more than 10 lakh rupees.
But this figure, surely, is much bigger.
He directly reached the Buddha Park crematorium from the airport.
We hope that soon this number would double, triple or quadruple.
Kickstarting the mission to file tax returns before the deadline, Chidambram said that he would himself visit the Income Tax department on the 31st of October and file his return.
Although, in the past he has never himself gone to file his return.
But he has taken this decision to encourage the people.
For this, it is necessary to increase investment in the agricultural field.
Therefore, the Indian government would run the 'Bharat Nirman Yojana' and the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme together in a co - ordinated manner.
On Manhoman Singh's initiative a meeting of the entire Planning Commission has been convened on Tuesday.
In which, the problems and solutions in the area of agriculture would be the main topic of discussion.
The Prime Minister said in the meeting that the possibility of merging the resources of 'Bharat Nirman Yojana' and the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme must be explored.
He expressed the need for diversification in place of agriculture based on traditional crops.
It should be noted that it was because of Rao that Manmohan Singh had come into politics.
The Prime Minister looked worried over the decline in the rate of growth of agriculture from 4.7 to 1.2 in the past decade.
The Prime Minister said that the issues that come out of Tuesday's meeting should be deliberated over at the National Development Council's (NDC) sub committee 's meeting on 4th October, and a decision should be taken accordingly.
This sub committee under the chairmanship of Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar would study the problems in the area of agriculture and along with finding their solutions would also make recommendations of schemes that can be implemented.
On this occassion the Prime Minister announced the formation of a 'Rainfed Area Authority' for the rainfed regions.
Expressing his dissapointment at the projects in the area of irrigation he expressed the need to complete them.
Manmohan also stressed the importance of improvements in agricultural practices.
He stressed the need to adopt the practice of sowing different crops and horticulture, and the rearing of poultry COMMA fish and other animals.
He said that investments must be increased in the field of agricultural irrigation and other related areas.
He expressed his dissapointment over the progress of irrigation schemes.
Later, Ahluwalia and Pawar disclosed more information about the meeting.
He was the finance minister in the Rao government from 1991.
The government acknowledged people's diminishing interest in the field of agriculture.
For this, a number of problems like, small investments in agriculture, weak basic infrastructure, problems of irrigation, and high interests on loans and expansion were identified.
Former opening batsman Ramiz Raja was being cricticized for taking on TV commentary assignments while being the board's CEO.
Ramiz said that he made it clear to the board that for him the field of media is most important.
However, he denied having tendered his resignation over criticisms directed at him.
Raja said that he has suggested to the board to look for another candidate to fill the post and the board has accepted his decision.
raja disclosed that he had also talked to the board's Chairman Shaharyar Khan regarding his resignation.
He said that he would be busy with media assignments until October.
Therefore he would not be able to concentrate equally on both duties.
Ramiz said that he'd worked with enthusiasm on this post and he felt sad leaving it.
Mulayam Singh once again calls for third front Talks to be held with Ambani over power project Pre Bangalore.
Raja had taken on the post of Chief Executive Officer in 1999 - 2000.
But nature's fury has cost Himachal more than 800 crore rupees.
Thankfully, no lives were lost.
A central team would soon tour the affected areas of Himachal to assess the damage.
The Spiti area located near Kinnaur has suffered extensive damage.
Samdo is the meeting point of the Parchu and Spiti rivers.
Spiti's Korik Irrigation project has been wiped out.
A big boulder can be seen at the mouth of the lake.
Water is rapidly flowing from under this boulder towards Himachal.
Due to the breach in Parchu a lake has also formed in the Spiti river near Kharak.
The President of the Samjwadi party and Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Mulayam Singh again called for the formation of a third front on Friday.
Both banks of the Sutlej river have suffered extensive land erosion.
The floods have not only washed away a lot of houses and bridges, but the losses to agriculture and horticulture alone have been estimated to be at a hundred and fifty crores.
Now it is clear that due to the breach in Parchu lake, its water got into the Sutlej.
The first to be caught in Sutlej's floods was the Tibetan village of Gumar.
Everything lies destroyed there.
The bodies of six people from there floated into Himachal's borders.
An airforce helicopter airlifted 15 tourists including six foreigners from Puh and Rekong Piyo areas of Kinnaur district.
Efforts are on to extract 300 other tourists from the closed India Tibet highway.
Knowledgable sources have informed that looking at the geological layout of the Tibetan plateau it can not be said for sure that the danger from Parchu has passed on, because boulders keep moving in this region.
This can cause further havoc.
Yadav said at the party meeting on Friday that the third front would maintain an equal distance from both the BJP and the Congress.
The general adminitration department has said that remote sensing reports are awaited and only then more can be said on this issue.
On the other hand, Central Home Secretary, Duggal said in Delhi that the areas in which bridges have been washed away, the army would construct temporary bridges in the next 10 days.
Rice has replaced Colin Powell.
Rice is the first woman in American history to occupy the post of Foreign Minister.
Before this the American Senate confirmed Condoleezza Rice's appointment.
However, the Senate went to vote over Rice's appointment and after a long debate her appointment was confirmed by 85 votes against 13.
Before this Henry Kissinger in 1963 had to face the opposition of seven senators in 1963 and Alexander Haig NULL the opposition of six in 1981.
In his first press conference after the Lok Sabha results, Advani said that he and others did n't expect such surprising results.
He said that the people's verdict has been accepted and the BJP has decided to play the role of a constructive opposition.
He also said that these results are not what the people wished but this is the result of the state's verdict.
He said SP is fighting against the BJP in the state and it's because of this that many senior leaders of the saffron party had to face defeat in Uttar Pradesh.
To term this as the nation's verdict or the nation's mood would be wrong.
The people have not given absolute majority to any party or individual.
He said that NDA could n't take up development as an issue.
And even at places where this issue was raised, we were n't able to put it properly to the people.
The India Shining slogan hurt the NDA.
He admitted that he was the one to raise the 'feelgood' slogan but it did n't work in some of the states.
In the states the anti incumbency factor also played a role in these results.
He accused the opposition parties of not presenting the correct interpretation of Hindutva.
The BJP would come together again and the party would be strengthened.
He said the BJP had created history in the 1984 elections and that phase was surely a turning point in Indian political history.
It has led to the number of BJP members falling down to 10 from 60 in the state.
He said that this phase of dissapointment is temporary and he expressed his belief that the BJP would return to power.
Advani said that the image BJP created in opposition and as a party of governance is a major achievement.
We will return to power and fulfill the dream of a great India.
Congratulating Prime Minister Manmohan Singh he said the new government should work with wide consensus.
He clarified that even while being in opposition the government would be helped on the right issues.
Koirala's nephew and member of Nepali Congress Shekhar Koirala told reporters that Koirala suffering from bronchitis is improving and would take oath tomorrow.
Koirala had been unable to speak at a public meeting on Thursday due to this illness.
Nepal's king Gyanendra had appointed Koirala as Prime Minister yesterday, who had been chosen on behalf of the 7 party alliance that was leading protest demontrations for the restoration of democracy in Nepal.
He was supposed to be given the oath of the Prime Minister's office after the parliamentary group's meeting today, but he fell ill at that very moment.
Koirala would take this highest post for the fifth time in his political career.
Yadav said that when we were working to oust the BJP, NULL the Congress was trying to weaken SP.
Koirala was chosen as the country's first elected Prime Minister in 1991 after the 1990s people's movements.
Making the possibility of return of peace and democracy in Nepal feasible, the Maoists too announced a one sided ceasefire two or three days ago, which was praised by political parties.
About the Reliance power project the Chief Minister said he's asked the president of UP Development Council Amar Singh, to talk to Anil Ambani.
He said the state government will help to overcome all obstacles the project might face.
Mulayam said that SP would come up as a strong force in Karnataka.
Presiding over the meet, Bangarappa said that he'd joined the BJP with the thought that he would bring changes to it, but later he felt that it could not be changed.
The meet was also addressed by SP General Secretary Amar Singh, and Lok Sabha members Jaya Prada and Jaya Bacchan.
Sudarshan lambasts Gandhi, Nehru and Jinnah Sheikh Abdullah responsible for Mukherjee's murder.
He said Congress's support of the 1920's Khilafat movement was a mistake.
Due to this, muslims dominated the nation.
He accused the Sheikh Abdullah government of having a hand in Dr. Shyama Prasad Mukherjee's murder.
He was murdered in prison by being fed wrong medicines.
The RSS chief reiterated that the Sangh has different bodies but one ideology.
Sudarshan said, the Indian muslims did not like the fact that the British had dispossessed Turkey of the Khalifa's chair during the first world war.
Mahatma Gandhi decided to support the protests initiated by the Muslim society against this.
Dr. Hedgewar and Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya protesting against this warned against its negative impact.
But Gandhi dismissed this.
For two years Gandhi supported the movement touring the country alongwith Maulana Mohammad Ali and Maulana Shaukat Ali.
But the British crushed the movement in the country.
Malabar's Hindus had to face the resulting consequences.
Muslims let out their anger over the dispossession of the Khalifa's chair and the failure of the Khilafat movement by butchering 1500 hindus and by converting twenty thousand during the Malabar riots of 1923.
He said that twenty years later Jinnah again instigated Muslim League workers over the demand of Pakistan.
Jinnah also instigated riots during the period of 1940 - 47.
